> *Inspired By:* Control, CHAMBER, Arknights, Bloodborne, Candela Obscura and Mage: The Ascension 

- **Entities** are seemingly `mindless extradimensional beings` that invade our realm who disrupts the very fabric of reality and causes `Aether Corruption` in objects, living creatures and the environment. Corrupting them beyond recognition into something similar to the Entities. They have been the `origin of many myths` of monsters and demons in history. 
- **Aether** is the bodily equivalent of *blood* harvested from deceased Entities that possess `incredible otherworldly properties`. After processing them, it is capable of  stimulating regenerative properties in `refined liquid` form, exude high energy in `crystalized` form and more. Raw Aether is extremely `volatile` and can spread Aether Corruption. 
- **Amalgams** are those who become `infused with dangerous levels of Aether`, causing the transformation into a pseudo Entity-like being with *Aether Capabilities*. This can be due to `accidental exposure` to Aether Corruption, *Entity attacks* or *willing infusion* of Aether. They are at risk of losing their sanity and mind, becoming mindless beasts should they lose control. 
- **Aether Capabilities (AC)** wary from each individual and equipment, but allows the users to `manipulate the fabric of reality` within their own `constraints`. Some can manipulate the elements around them, others can stimulate an Entity's space bending abilities and regenerative powers. Equipments are often `limited to a single-type AC` in order to avoid overloading the components. 
- **EsoTech** are technological equipment that have been *infused with Aether*, allowing its users to `utilize Aether Capabilities` without being an Amalgam but risk Aether Corruption should it malfunction. Many have safety features in place, but `improper disposal` or `destruction` of the equipment can cause Corruption.
- **Synthesium Technology Corporation (STC)** hides the existence of the Entities from the masses and `capitalize on the usage of Aether` to create advance technological weaponry and equipment to use against the Entities. They have connections to `governing bodies`, `law enforcement` and the `military`, and monopolize over the pharmaceutical, medical and military engineering industry. 
- **The Gilded Blade** consists of loosely organized `mercenaries and criminals` that specialize in hunting down Entities for the sake of `smuggling and selling Aether` on the black market. Many engineers in this connected to them `illegally make EsoTech` and possess highly flawed safety features, making them more `prone to malfunction`. Often directly at odds with STC as they also `steal EsoTech` from the corporation to be resold. 
- **Empyrean's Veil** is a `secret organization` of the `rich and wealthy` with their identity hidden behind masks at events. Their main goal is to get their hands on any and all `Aether or Entity related item`s, usually sold at auction events they hold. Only the most `elite` may join their ranks, Synthesium considers them a `threat` due to their knowledge of Entities and their arrogance. 
- **Progenies of Ichor** has followers that `worship Entities as gods` and deem Aether as `gift of the gods`. They considered Entities on Earth to be exiled gods, arranging hunts to harvest their blood as reparations for their sins. They `intentionally infuse members` of high ranks with Aether in order to become *Amalgams*, which are seen as a blessing and honor to become closer to `Ascension`. Many members have connections with other religious organizations. 
